Let's do a very quick test around our order.
Cancel listener.
Just make sure it's working as expected.
We're going to go through this rather quickly, so let's get to it inside of our test directory.
We'll make an order cancelled.
Listener test file.
At the very top, we'll make a set up function once again.
And inside of here, we're going to need to create a listener, create a ticket, create the event,
create a message, return everything.
So first off, we will create the listener itself.
I'll do a listener is a new order.
Cancelled listener and we're going to have to pass in a client when we do that.
So we'll assume that we're going to import Nat's wrapper.
Client Let's add in an import for both those.
So first I'll get nats repr from up three directories.
Nats repr.
And my order.
Cancelled listener from up one directory.
We then need to create a ticket and save it.
So I'll get my ticket model.
Here we go.
So I'll make a new ticket.
Or not.
New ticket.
Ticket Bill.
There we go.
I'll throw in a fake title.
Price.
What else do we need here?
We need a user ID.
And we also need an order ID as well.
So the order ID we are going to have to also include inside the order cancelled event that eventually
flows into the listener itself.
So we're probably going to want to generate a realistic looking ID and then assign it to a separate
variable so we can make use of it later on.
So for that, let's import mongoose once again.
And then make an order variable which will be mongoose type object ID to x string.
Okay.
Now if we try to add in the order id like so you'll notice we get an error.
The reason for that is we had assumed that whenever we first create a ticket or whenever we first build
one, in this case, we would not yet have an order ID to assign to it.
So the interface we had assigned to the build function specifically says not going to have an order
ID property.
Now.
We could certainly change that and we could say that the order ID property is optional when we are first
building a ticket.
But that would be kind of changing our code just to make our tests a little bit easier.
I really do not expect that in reality, in our actual application code, we're ever going to create
a ticket and simultaneously assign it and order ID, so I'm not going to go change the interface.
Instead, we'll use a very, very simple workaround.
Right after we build the ticket, we'll just set the order ID property, so we'll do a ticket set of
order ID.
Very simple workaround and definitely better in the long term.
After that, we'll save the ticket.
And there we go.
Next up, we're going to build our data event.
For this, let's import the definition or the interface of our event from our common module.
So at the top will get our order cancelled event.
From our common module.
So we'll build up a data object of type order cancelled.
Event at Data.
And then, as usual, we'll be told how to actually implement this thing.
So we need an ID, a version of the order itself, and then the tickets ID our ID is the order ID or
version doesn't really matter here.
We'll just throw in a zero.
For the ticket itself.
It's going to be this tickets ID.
So we'll put in a ticket with an idea of tickets ID.
After that, build up our message object.
And this will be of ec just fn.
Let's import that message type at the very top.
And I think that is it for our set up.
Very last thing we have to do.
Well, of course we need that little tease ignore thing.
Just to tell TypeScript, don't sweat it.
And then finally, let's return our message data ticket order ID because we'll probably need to reference
that.
Who knows?
Maybe at some point in time.
And the listener itself.
And we can actually write out our test.
So rather than writing out two tests and trying to make sure that say we update the ticket and save
it, and then a separate one for making sure act gets called and then maybe even a separate one for
the publisher.
Let's just condense this all down to one test just to save ourselves a little bit of time here.
So I'm going to say it.
Updates the ticket, publishes an event and acts the message.
If you want to absolutely feel free.
I would actually even recommend you do this.
Split this into three separate tests.
I'm just going to put it all into one, just to save ourselves a little bit of time for the purposes
of this video.
So inside of here, we'll call our setup function.
Let's pull out the message data, ticket order ID and a listener from a wait setup.
Then as usual, we'll call the on message function on the listener.
So a listener on message pass in data.
And the message.
So now we'll take a look into our database.
We're going to take a look at the tickets collection.
We're going to find the ticket right here or the same ID, and we're going to make sure that it's order
ID property was unset.
It should be equal to undefined.
So we'll define a updated ticket.
That will be a weight ticket.
Find by ID.
We want to find the ticket's ID and then we're going to expect that things order ID property to be undefined.
So expect updated ticket order ID.
To.
Not to be defined.
There we go.
And we got to throw that exclamation in as usual.
Yes, that looks good.
Let's also make sure that we call the ACC function.
So I'll do it and expect.
Message to have been called.
And finally we'll also make sure that the published function.
On our nets wrapper client was invoked as well.
So I'll do it and expect that's rapper client publish to have.
Ben Gault.
Now, you'll notice here, unlike the last test, I'm not taking a look at that mock function's arguments.
You could certainly do so if you wanted to.
I would once again also really recommend it.
But in this case, I'm just going to make sure that we do publish an event, not really checking what
event or anything like that, but at least we know a event is being published, so probably good enough
for right now.
I'm going to save this.
Let's take a look at our tests and just see how we're doing.
It looks like it's all working as expected, as usual.
Just a very quick comment to make sure that thing fails.
It is always worth the time to do that.
Yep.
Definitely fails.
And so let's say we are good to go.
Yes.
That is it for the order cancelled listener.
Was right here, as usual.
Move on in just a moment.